Update the instruction on how to use cluster local gateway (#2090)
knative/docs: docs/install/installing-istio.md

EOF
```

After you install the cluster local gateway, your service and deployment for the local gateway are both named `cluster-local-gateway`.

> You do not need to update the `config-istio` configmap under the `knative-serving` namespace, because Knative Serving can use

Reviewer: This sentence, while I assume is true, feels a bit out of place because it assumes the reader wanted to update the configMap - but why would they? A newbie wouldn't have even thought about doing this so I don't think there's any need to mention it. I think you can remove it.

the local gateway cluster-local-gateway by default.

### Updating the `config-istio` configmap to use a non-default local gateway

If you create a custom service and deployment for local gateway with a name other than `cluster-local-gateway`, you
need to update gateway configmap `config-istio` under the `knative-serving` namespace.

> 1. Edit the 1config-istio1 configmap:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `config-istio` configmap:
```

```shell
kubectl edit configmap config-istio -n knative-serving
```

> 2. Replace the `local-gateway.knative-serving.cluster-local-gateway` field with the custom service. If you name both

Reviewer: I'd add `As an example, ` in front of the `If you name both...` sentence so make it clear that `custom-local-gateway` is just an example.

the service and deployment `custom-local-gateway` under the namespace `istio-system`, it should be updated to:

```
custom-local-gateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
```

> If both the custom service and deployment are labeled with `custom: custom-local-gateway`, not the default

Reviewer: I might have missed it, but why would they have this label? Did we talk about it some place?

Author: I should surely add "As an example" at the beginning. This demonstrates how users should change the label of the cluster-local-gateway into something else.

> `istio: cluster-local-gateway`, you need to update gateway instance `cluster-local-gateway` in the `knative-serving` namespace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`istio: cluster-local-gateway`, you must update gateway instance `cluster-local-gateway` in the `knative-serving` namespace:
```

```shell
kubectl edit gateway cluster-local-gateway -n knative-serving
```

Replace the label selector with the label of your service:

```
istio: cluster-local-gateway
```

For the service above, it should be updated to:

```
custom: custom-local-gateway
```

If there is a change in service ports (compared to that of
`cluster-local-gateway`), update the port info in the gateway accordingly.

### Verifying your Istio install

View the status of your Istio installation to make sure the install was
successful. It might take a few seconds, so rerun the following command until
all of the pods show a `STATUS` of `Running` or `Completed`:

```bash
kubectl get pods --namespace istio-system
```

> Tip: You can append the `--watch` flag to the `kubectl get` commands to view
> the pod status in realtime. You use `CTRL + C` to exit watch mode.

### Configuring DNS

> Knative dispatches to different services based on their hostname, so it greatly
> simplifies things to have DNS properly configured. For this, we must look up the
> external IP address that Istio received. This can be done with the following
> command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Knative dispatches to different services based on their hostname, so it is recommended to have DNS properly configured.

To do this, begin by looking up the external IP address that Istio received:
```

```
$ kubectl get svc -nistio-system
NAME                    TYPE           CLUSTER-IP   EXTERNAL-IP    PORT(S)                                      AGE
cluster-local-gateway   ClusterIP      10.0.2.216   <none>         15020/TCP,80/TCP,443/TCP                     2m14s
istio-ingressgateway    LoadBalancer   10.0.2.24    34.83.80.117   15020:32206/TCP,80:30742/TCP,443:30996/TCP   2m14s
istio-pilot             ClusterIP      10.0.3.27    <none>         15010/TCP,15011/TCP,8080/TCP,15014/TCP       2m14s
```

> This external IP can be used with your DNS provider with a wildcard `A` record;
> however, for a basic functioning DNS setup (not suitable for production!) this
> external IP address can be used with `xip.io` in the `config-domain` ConfigMap
> in `knative-serving`. You can edit this with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This external IP can be used with your DNS provider with a wildcard `A` record. However, for a basic non-production set up, this external IP address can be used with `xip.io` in the `config-domain` ConfigMap
in `knative-serving`.

You can edit this by using the following command:
```

kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/knative/serving/master/third_party/${VERSION}/istio-knative-extras.yaml
```

> __Note:__ This installation method is not production ready and is for development purposes only. For a more stable method,

Reviewer 2: Why change the note format to __ here?

After you install the cluster local gateway, your service and deployment for the local gateway are both named `cluster-local-gateway`.
You do not need to update the `config-istio` configmap under the `knative-serving` namespace, because Knative Serving can use
the local gateway cluster-local-gateway by default.

### Updating the `config-istio` configmap to use a non-default local gateway

If you create a custom service and deployment for local gateway with a name other than `cluster-local-gateway`, you
need to update gateway configmap `config-istio` under the `knative-serving` namespace.

1. Edit the 1config-istio1 configmap:

```shell
kubectl edit configmap config-istio -n knative-serving
```

2. Replace the `local-gateway.knative-serving.cluster-local-gateway` field with the custom service. If you name both
the service and deployment `custom-local-gateway` under the namespace `istio-system`, it should be updated to:

```
custom-local-gateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
```

If both the custom service and deployment are labeled with `custom: custom-local-gateway`, not the default

> `istio: cluster-local-gateway`, you need to update gateway instance `cluster-local-gateway` in `knative-serving` namespace:

Reviewer 2: the `knative-serving` namespace

**Note:** This method is only for development purposes. The production readiness of the above 
installation method is not ensured. For a production-ready installation, see the `helm` installation method above.

After you install the cluster local gateway, your service and deployment for the local gateway are both named `cluster-local-gateway`.
You do not need to update the `config-istio` configmap under `knative-serving` namespace, because Knative Serving can use
this local gateway cluster-local-gateway by default.

### Updating the `config-istio` configmap to use a non-default local gateway

> However, if you create custom service and deployment for local gateway with a name other than `cluster-local-gateway`, you

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you create custom service and deployment for local gateway with a name other than `cluster-local-gateway`, you
```

Author: Done. @carieshmarie

**Note:** This method is only for development purposes. The production readiness of the above 
installation method is not ensured. For a production-ready installation, see the `helm` installation method above.

> If you follow either of the above steps, your service and deployment for the local gateway are both named `cluster-local-gateway`,

Reviewer 4: Instead of "either of the above steps," let's clarify the exact types of installs we're referring to -- "If you installed Istio via METHOD or METHOD..."

> and you do not need to update gateway configmap `config-istio` under `knative-serving` namespace, because Knative Serving

Reviewer 2: New sentence for readability;
"You do not need to update the `config-istio` configmap because Knative Serving can use the local gateway `cluster-local-gateway` by default."

can by default use the local gateway with the name `cluster-local-gateway`.

> However, if you create custom service and deployment for local gateway with a name other than `cluster-local-gateway`, you

Reviewer 2: Maybe a new heading here to call attention to the user story / task?
e.g. Updating the `config-istio` configmap to use a non-default local gateway

@samodell wdyt?

Reviewer 2: I'd remove "However" here

> need to update gateway configmap `config-istio` under `knative-serving` namespace. Run the following command:

Reviewer 2: 1. Run the following command
2. Replace X field with the custom service

Split this into numbered steps to make it more like a procedure?

> **Note:** This method is only for development purposes. The production readiness of the above 

Reviewer 2: No need to overstate, use something more succinct, e.g.

**Note:** This installation method is not production ready and is for development purposes only. For a more stable method, use Helm. For more information about the Helm installation method, see [link to helm docs].

installation method is not ensured. For a production-ready installation, see the `helm` installation method above.

After you install the cluster local gateway, your service and deployment for the local gateway are both named `cluster-local-gateway`.

> You do not need to update the `config-istio` configmap under `knative-serving` namespace, because Knative Serving can use

Reviewer 2: "under the `knative-serving` namespace"

"the local gateway `cluster-local-gateway` by default"

this local gateway cluster-local-gateway by default.

### Updating the `config-istio` configmap to use a non-default local gateway

> #### Update Gateway Configmap

Reviewer 2: remove this heading, there's no need to have two headings below each other with no text in between

> #### Update Gateway Configmap 

Reviewer 5: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
#### Update Gateway Configmap
```

> #### Update Gateway Configmap 

Reviewer 5: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
#### Update Gateway Configmap
```

> If you create custom service and deployment for local gateway with a name other than `cluster-local-gateway`, you

Reviewer 2: "a custom service"

> need to update gateway configmap `config-istio` under `knative-serving` namespace.

Reviewer 2: "the `knative-serving namespace"

> 1. Run the following command:

Reviewer 2: Doesn't add anything, instead say something like

1. Edit the `config-istio` configmap:

```shell
kubectl edit configmap config-istio -n knative-serving
```

2. Replace the `local-gateway.knative-serving.cluster-local-gateway` field with the custom service. If you name both

> of the service and deployment after `custom-local-gateway` under the namespace `istio-system`, it should be updated to:

Reviewer 2: remove 'of' and 'after'

```
custom-local-gateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
```

#### Update Knative Gateway

> If both of the custom service and deployment are labeled with `custom: custom-local-gateway`, not the default

Reviewer 2: remove 'of'

`istio: cluster-local-gateway`, you need to update gateway instance `cluster-local-gateway` in `knative-serving` namespace:

```shell
kubectl edit gateway cluster-local-gateway -n knative-serving
```

Replace the label selector with the label of your service:

```
istio: cluster-local-gateway
```

For the service above, it should be updated to:

```
custom: custom-local-gateway
```

> If there is a change in service ports (compared with that of

Reviewer 2: with -> to
